The prevalent social discourse recognizes one type of smart. While there are two.

Art is biological. Modern 

When I got attributed my second disorder I said stop.



Lets say there is a certain biological predisposition to art

Why does the unhappy artist, the artist as an outsider come into existence?

Because before you only ever had the idea of becoming an artist, if you could secure the place for it.


the director of an amsterdam medical clinic for musicians and dancers says one in four of his patients has attention hyperactivity disorder

he says we might want to be thankful of these people as opposed to regarding them as merely problematic

an american psychiatrist says we could save society money by screening for suspect infants at health centres, start their medication early so the changes of them quitting on an adult age are diminished



Funding bodies provide socioeconomic cushions

Inbetween the artist and society

The artist is free to pursue his prefered lifestyle

But is not confronted with the degree to which this lifestyle is at odds with the values and socioeconomic models of bourgueois society

The degree being: completely

This is a relatively new situation

Bu

It’s never only art that has to be *

Art and morality and lifestyle are interdependent

  this is not l’art pour l’art, it is my experience, it is my opinion that 


besef: 31 05 09 schrijf op: 06 06 09

There is freedom in

Cycling elsewhere

Everything is larger more open

(larger than life, larger than life as you knew it) 

More cars but even more

People—like me—on a bicycle

At the same time I can use my knowledge (style)

Of the smaller life past

(the Amsterdam bicycle knowledge (style))

To be even more death-defying than these others

—Like me—

Across them

Accelarate past the cars

Zig-zag inbetween (those)

And across the Alexanderplatz

into the Memhardstraße

the Münzstraße

etcetera



context 10:49
Could it be a poem is the computer program for the text?En dan ben je aan de buitenkant

Heb je weer de andersummertime
16:51 :: 16:58

in the train
and the horse
and te man
with the cowboy hat
on the bicycle


geluid van de trein als radiohea





We were busy with more or less exactly the same

The thinking body, the structure of thought processes, and the role physical objects play in our dealing with the world.

Posthuman not what we will become but what we can already become, a subjectivity that foregoes the I for retelling the self through the other. , which is in my opinion fragmented subjectivity inherent to flat societies  I brought in Nietschze’s concept of the s
uperman and its appropriation in the early 1970ies by David Bowie, but also Rimbaud’s ‘Je est une autre’

The world depicted

the world‘
  the body is a subset of the world
    the mind is a subset of the body
      the cognition is a subset of the mind
      the smell is a subset of the mind
      the hearing is a subset of the mind
      the touch is a subset of the mind
      the seeing is a subset of the mind
      the hearing is a subset of the mind

Senses are a treshold between the mind and the world
We don’t know the body directly, rather, the body knows the world.

This gap makes a need for the subject
  I would like to propose works from ‘Pour en finir avec la coquetry’ which means ‘making up for coquetry’.
A strange sense of urgency has come over me. 
I see lingual thought as a sense with meaning as its sensation



The self is something you understand together. 
Sometimes as I entered the Danslab studio I felt as if I walked into my own mind.

The messages and actors spread out before me, allowing me an interface and view I never had before.

A space filled with the crayons and plastic and funky clothes of pop culture, on top of which bookcases had fallen over, containing books on mind and body and image… and traversing this structure, young inquisitive people saying smart things in strange accents.

I never want to leave.

§

‘Il faut être de son temps’ says Baudelaire. My favourite modernist artists chose embracing the present over idealising the future.

David Bowie: “Writers like George Steiner had nailed the sexy term post-culture and it seemed a jolly good idea to join up the dots for rock. The main platform would be, other than shoes, ‘we are the future, now’ and the one way of celebrating that was to create it by the only means at our disposal. With, of course, a rock ‘n’ roll band.”

§

When listening to the tapes, I find I make meaningful mistakes: instead of ‘Hollywood movies’ I say ‘Hollywood moving’ and, more importantly, instead of ‘the other way around’ I say ‘the same way around’.

I do it when I write, I write end instead of and, a list is titled ‘List of Things I Know Believe’.

§

Living the dream boils down to carefully selecting a subset of thoughts. Subsequently, in daily life, you carefully limit the impulses you receive in order to have these impulses closely match the thoughts.

§

In ‘Anti-method’ Paul Feyerabend comes up with the maxim ‘anything goes’. This phrase is much-maligned, and often quoted as en example of postmodern apathy: I’ll take anything, I don’t care.

That is silly. As Feyerabend is talking about methodology. He says: any attempt to come up with a fixed methodology beforehand is likely to hamper us in finding knowledge.

Kim Vincs: ‘In the arts, research methodology is often retrospective’. I would say this also holds for science.

§

Bruno describes his choreographic method as ‘organising thought processes’. These words were revelatory to me. They helped me to see thoughts differently. As recipes.

§

Feedback loops. On a day of the rehearsals, I woke up and wrote down:

We launch missiles // look at their trajectory // then relaunch them

§

Our present is a future we that has been dreamt of and written about.

So why do we not stop to notice? Because it does not feel very different from the past. Somehow, we suspect the future to feel much better or much worse, or at least: different. But why would it? Our minds stay more or less the same. And the changes of our society have been thought up and implemented within our society, so each and every innovation does not feel strange, it feels as if it was bound to happen.

§

I see lingual thought as a sense made up of language. That makes the relation between language and the world easy. Why would we expect to be able to nail everything down in language, when we do not expect our eyes to see what is behind our backs?

Meaning is the sensation that comes with this lingual sense. A sensation that can occasionally approach the ecstatic.

§

I think the degree of paradoxality, circularity or reflexivity of a thought determines how much interpretation can be applied to it, and consequently, how much meaning it can generate. Important religious texts are filled with paradoxes. Art is based upon them too.

These paradoxes you could see as functions. At the other end of the spectrum, you have sentences that are as descriptive as possible. These you could see as data. With a continuum inbetween.

And why do you need data? So you, or someone else, can interpret it with functions. (And why do you need functions? etc… (Nietzsche: ‘What is that you say? This would not be a—circulus vitiosus deus?’))

§

Struggling with the nature of language, Rimbaud had to conclude: ‘I is another’. As far as I can tell, he found out how we construct our stories and our thoughts. We pick and choose from a landscape of language: thoughts and sentences said or thought by ourselves, our friends and the rest of culture. In this world of language there is no coherent identity; the only reason we can make one is because we glue everything together with the word I.

§

For your mind, the difference between ‘I is’ and ‘I am’ is small. It is easy to say, I am the thing that glues everything together. This similarity makes it easy to consider yourself omniscient, which causes problems.

§

‘I is another’ seems to be echoed in ‘I am not there’, the name of a song of Bob Dylan and of a recent Dylan biopic. The film treats identity as something that can only be treated from a multitude of perspectives and idioms. I saw this movie, and learned from it that Dylan had actually called himself Rimbaud in the 1960ies. What you could call a postmodern understanding of the subject has been a feature of artistic thought for much longer than the term postmodern has.

§

It feels like every image of the future that 20th century popular culture could come up with has been realised in one form or the other. My parents drive me around in an electric car. I can make video calls to my friends around the world. I have direct access to a huge wealth of information via a personal electronic device. I can even control variations in my temperament with psychofarmaceuticals. And I do not know if science fiction series predicted this, but it seems very futuristic to have a coloured man as president of the United States.

§

David Bowie’s 1972 pop masterpiece ‘Hunky Dory’ tells of the superman. ‘Should I kiss the vipers fang, or herald loud the death of man?’. ‘Gotta make way for the homo superior’.

And the prophet of the superman was like a dancer: ‘Yea, I recognise Zarathustra. Pure is his eye, and no loathing lurketh about his mouth. Goeth he not along like a dancer?

§

Super is something and something more. In set theory, a superset is a second set containing in its entirety a first set, among other things. The superbourgeois, superchristian and supercapitalist appropriates bourgeois, christian and capitalist values, gives them new meaning, and adds them to his range of alternatives.

§

Sentences from the process: ‘The only conclusion is inclusion’. ‘You may not like us, but we like you’.

Inclusion. I really like the word. Makes me think of Andy.

§

While he is often seen as an artist glorifying consumer culture, Andy Warhol is to me an artist glorifying (or affirming) life in its entirety. The Campbell soup cans where what he and his mother bought in the supermarket and had for dinner. 

Warhol, too, has been a target for cultural pessimists, making him an example of the vacuity of modern life. But in the BBC interview Bruno send to us during the research, his great inclusive morality shows. He tells how he tries to like everything and everyone.

–Do you ever give yourself to not liking somebody, Andy?
–I try really hard not to. When somebody is acting funny I just try to go to another room.

And I now refrain from writing something sacrilegious.
song: but my mind, cognition and bo-o-o-dy

the wall it did fall
it keeps falling again
i can replay the movement on my own screens
the screen of my computer and the eye of my mind
now the other walls will have to fall in our minds
and the other walls will have to fall between minds
it is time, and its time
and let time,
keep them rechanging

me i am will and forrest mixed up
and may be rain man but i never saw that
but without these others our identity is void
it’s the times, that keep rechanging
i am another, and another is me
please let go of your au-then-ti-ci-ty

now for some science
i will keep it concise
meaning is propelled forward, in-de-fi-ni-te-ley
please embrace the poststructural flux
because the times, will keep rechanging
‘anything’ goes, is anything ‘goes’
as the times, they are rechanging
i am another, and another is me
please let go of your authenticity

the language of art

Abnormalities include verbosity, abrupt transitions, literal interpretations and miscomprehension of nuance, use of metaphor meaningful only to the speaker, auditory perception deficits, unusually pedantic, formal or idiosyncratic speech, and oddities in loudness, pitch, intonation, prosody, and rhythm.

(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asperger_syndrome#Speech_and_language)

Talk of possible worlds is very widespread[weasel words] in contemporary philosophical discourse (especially in the English-speaking world), though much about them is disputed.Ik ben dus [___] geweest

Ik vind het nog het meest lijken op een soort kortsluiting:

Je neemt dat wat je in de wereld opmerkt meteen aan voor belangrijk en betekenisvol.

Je neemt dat wat je in je eigen wereld opmerkt, je gedachten en gedachtenreeksen, meteen aan voor belangrijk en betekenisvol.

Deze twee kanten zitten in één betekenisloop, waar je je ideeën in de wereld inpast, en de wereld in je ideeën.

Het uiterlijk van de boom is geen eigenschap van de boom. Het uiterlijk is: de uitwerking van de boom op je gewaarwording. Zo is het met betekenis en woorden. De betekenis zit niet in de woorden, het is de uitwerking die de woorden hebben, zoals een explosie alleen in potentie in een raket zit.


Denken doe je onderbewust 

Elke minuut

Alles is heel belangrijk

En alles lijkt op alles.




Ik voelde geen noodzaak om behandeld te worden

Dat is waar de religieuse dimensie ook zit. Ik heb me nooit Jezus gevoeld, dat komt omdat jezus als figuur weinig voorkomt in mijn denkwereld. Ook omdat hij denkt dat hij God is. Het is eerder het gevoel van een profeet. Iemand die de waarheid heeft gezien en daar verslag van doet, en hierbij door het ‘heilige vuur’ bezeten wordt. De ‘belangrijkheid’ van je gedachten wordt pas een factor wanneer je
 
Het idee dat je de wereld gaat redden. Daar lopen ongetwijfeld veel mensen mee rond. De wereld is te groot om te begrijpen. En als je dat toch probeert, kom je maar op twee dingen uit. Of: de wereld gaat ten onder. Of: je gaat de wereld redden. De eerste is *. Je zou ook kunnen zeggen: de wereld moet gered worden. Elke dag opnieuw. Science fiction films hebben vaak als uitgangspunt: het lot van de wereld rust op de schouders van één man/jongen/meisje/vrouw. Met verliefd zijn hebben we die tweespalt geaccepteerd: je beschouwt de ander als de absoluuut geweldigste. En je weet rationeel dat dat rationeel gezien vreemd is.

 In die zin is liefde een ‘delusion’, een waangedachte, in *. Dat een waangedachte afkeurenswaardig is. Maar ->dat ik jij bent en jij mij.

Wanneer je naar het vuur kijkt en over het vuur zingt dan zing je al gauw: ik ben het vuur. Want je zingt het lied van het vuur. 

Je ziet een autonummerbord en probeert betekenis aan de combinatie van cijfers toe te kennen. 


i

met schrijvers vind ik dat sowieso
ramsey nasr vind sinds dat hij schrijver is ook al dat hij ribcolberts moet dragen met van die stukken op de ellebogen

ik dacht dat die toiletpot daar wel zo’n beetje een einde aan had gemaakt
voor wat betreft de kunst dan
wat meer zelfverheerlijking van de intellectueel kan geen kwaad
in dit land van zelfhatende elites
maar wat dat met kunst te maken heeft
niet zo veel

elke jongeman gaat naar de hoeren
nee natuurlijk



ii

ik zocht de waarheid niet
ik stootte mijn hoofd ertegenIt reminds me of an interview I read with this woman programming a film festival

‘But in contemporary popular culture there is a surprising amount of depth

Movies like the Matrix spark philosophical debates on internet forums’

Which makes you wonder whether she actually saw the movie

For it’s point seems to be ‘what if what we believe to be real is not real’

Fair enough. But than the plot revolves around breaking out of unrealness

Setting firm step in the real reality

Which is univocaly accepted by all characters as real

Even if they have all reason to doubt its reality

Since the last reality turned out fake.


Funny thing is, one reality turning out fake did not affect the characters full confidence in the realness of the next one






well we didnt get to talk but looks like well get into that soon enough
So you see in February I used the word ‘we’ all the time, even though I was just me. I had started hating the word I, because it sometimes seems like the only pronomen used on the internet (with exceptions: Rands uses ‘you’ all the time). One tendency, because it reinforces the individualism ‘my invariably irrelevant weblog’.

Shortly thereafter my head exploded.

You are allowed to use drugs, even encouraged to do so, if you use them to better mold yourself into the * image of the *.

Media are fragmented. If one newspaper wrote about Dylan all newspapers wrote about Dylan. If one record label wanted to sign the grateful dead, all record labels wanted to sign the Grateful Dead.

By presupposing art and economy are mutually exclusive artists forego the chance of bringing their vision and crazyness into economic models, thereby allowing a monoculture in economic models to persist. 

The icons of the 60ies are everywhere.

I said to a friend, I will have a revolution, and it will be a meta revolution. I will revolutionize by showing how revolutions work. It will be the first revolution to go open source. ‘That’s funny’ she said. ‘You say it is the first revolution, which implies there will be more afterwords. But normally revolutions have it as their goal to be final.’


Sartre

Meanwhile, in the United States, two un. Bob Dylan *. 

Now on the continent we have had nearly three decades of poststructural thought. That should be a good thing, because our world *is* rhizomatic and pluralistic and it is good to have models that point that out. It is a bad thing, as long as you can not explain non-philosophers what that means and why it matters. Meanwhile we grow up in pop culture. My English constructed surfing and reading blogs. The Anglosaxon culture of public rhetorics. And, in the past years, an intense interest in both Andy Warhol and Bob Dylan. Prince and David Bowie.

Stranglehold of marxism** on intellectual life in progressive Europe. Foucault was actually the first * to give up his membership of the Marxist party.

We will just see 1968 all over again.




I guess this generation is the first generation of continental intellectuals that has the potential to free itself from the stranglehold of marxist thought. It has consistently acted as capitalisms *, * Never found a real way of dealing with the rise of mass media and the lack of revolt of the people. In art, Adorno thought popular culture to be nothing but a means of controlling the masses.*This is one myth I would like to dispell* No one is in control, and no one can tell where the truth will pop up.

On a similar note, critical theory—I am not critical. I try to only use negation to negate negation. As in, I am not critical. 


We are not that keen on drugs because we did not like the Ritalin** prescribed us. 

**Obviously just an example of the way. Natural variations in temparament that also cause us to be artists * When I got attributed my second mental disorder I said stop. The director of an amsterdam medical clinic for musicians and dancers says one in four of his patients has attention hyperactivity disorder. He says we might want to be thankful of these people as opposed to regarding them as merely problematic. I liked that. But an american psychiatrist says we could save society money by screening for suspect adhd infants at health centres, start their medication early so the changes of them quitting on an adult age are diminished.


Because when you are fiery and passionate and you start thinking about ‘the world’, there are only two possible outcomes: either the world is going to end, or you will go and save the world (of course they come from a similar thougt pattern: in both cases the world need saving). Because I am optimistic I choose the last option. And I try very hard to rein in this emotion, because the world as such is not something you can deal with. You can also be fiery and passionate in your thinking and being *: in fact that is the more healthy option. The only reason for absolutist thought is anxiety.nsetad of saying i changed the world, you could say i wrote a poem.


**03-10 of marxist politics, not marxism


Nietzche says our sense for history * when you can witness the actual construction of history. We are actually contemplating how the future will look at our time.de herinnering:
__

do you know what its like
the nights
not sleeping
staying up forever
your blood
your head

ik kan het niet letterlijk

and the guy on his bike


de stimulus:
__

366
01:29:08,456 --> 01:29:11,289
Paris. I live in Paris.
Do you still get the headaches?

367
01:29:11,359 --> 01:29:13,293
Yeah.

368
01:29:13,361 --> 01:29:16,159
I get such bad headaches.

369
01:29:16,231 --> 01:29:18,495
You know at night
when you're driving a car?

370
01:29:18,566 --> 01:29:21,296
Maybe it's something to do
with the headlights.xx	Het is een blog xx

P Posts over de beeldtaal van het internet worden afgewisseld met beelden van / ddie details weergeven van mijn werklplek--en videos diede zichzelf bewust wordende geest bemodeigen. Geest als in brein en zo. Bob Marley home video, redemption songs. Maar niet alleen deze films? David Carson. Toch ook iets dergelijks eigenlijk.
De beeldcultuur verijkenr
Is e

<-- morgenoochtend lekker vroeg op, de kooler ding doen colourlovers -->even daarna ook bellen dat ook gehad.....<--
--->....


Gvd


xx ziggy xx

Who cares about space ships flying near the speed of light, or black holes?

In real life time and space are pretty lineair.

§

An interstellar burst, I am back to save the universe

xx

i have friends who can code but hide this from other people


you know you have gone to far when...In de vuilnisbak: een verpakking van brood (Albert Heijn Oberlander), een tas van de mannenkledingzaak in het dorp van mijn ouders, koffiepads, een kombuchaflesje, een plastic zakje van een aziatisch afhaalrestaurant van een keten, een zak van het brood dat ik bij de andere supermarkt had gekocht en maar niet op kan.

Dan zie ik dat op mijn bureau een tasje ligt van een vrouwenkledingzaak in het dorp van mijn ouders, dat zou goed op de foto kunnen met het tasje van de mannenkledingzaak: dan heb je samen een universum. 

Ook op het bureau: De plastic verpakking van de brochure, het stukje papier waarop staat dat ik de geadresseerde ben.   

In de witte tas met het rode logo, die ik al eerder op de foto heb gezet omdat de buitenkant zo mooi stond met de binnenkant van oud papier, en dat oud papier weer een mooie herinneringsbinnenkant. Vooral het rood op rood, allebei ook van zaken waar ik normaalgesproken niet zou kopen, missschien wel van dezelfde: rood pakpapier en een rood met blauwe verpakking van een inktcartridge.

De blauwe tas voor oud papier, makkelijker weg te gooien oud papier—al mijn papieren van de woningbouwvereniging voor een huis waar ik twee jaar geleden woonde, de bijbehorende huursubsidiecorrespendentie, heel veel uitgeprinte rekeningafschriften voor een uitkeringsaanvraag. Het enige dat triggert zijn sollicitatiebrieven, de adressering daarvan. 
Ik ben een kunstenaar

Er is een landschap, een lichaam, een body
dat een vorm moet krijgen, neer moet slaan



Ik heb geconcldeerd dat 

§

hoe is het met energie
  maak ik de opwarm wat hoe dan dagen

energie energie


verjaardagsdag
  studenten


ik heb het gevoel dat ik voor die roman wel wat opzei moet kunnen willen zetten.

§

list of points

picture
drawings
portfolio
ouevre


this square
out of there

§

kutte
interessante



jouw
hun
een


als mening hebr
kom j er sterke uitI started seeing movies in my head after I did not die.





My mind can be very bleak. I refer to where I am now as: "after the Gold Rush".

Facing two doctors who say me thinking I understand my situation is a sign of sickness. Realizing here we have a situation I will not be able to talk my way out of.  And

never knowing such a complete negation of the subject to be possible. Confronted with the survival mechanisms of my brain.

Cringing on the bathroom floor. First thought: identification with the unhappy artist. Second thought: I understand how the unhappy artist comes about, through the very categories that constitute bourgeois society: solid distinctions between normal and abnormal, sick and healthy, sane and insane.  Third thought:  an intense feeling of something rising in me to meet this. I understand the primal sentiments of the lust for vengeance, and how defiance is at the core of being. For identity, your ideas about who you are, can be taken away in an instant. But your feeling of me is a lot more superficial than your feeling of self. And that is what takes over, there is something in you that cannot be negated. It is the survival instinct of the brain. It is the impossibility of death in the mind of someone living. And I've found myself saying: "well I can’t live that way". with no intention to die. And at that same time feeling that energy being so absolute that I could well imagine someone killing him or herself because of its negation. You see, I think we want to die because we don't want this life. We want another. Which is not to say we want to die, because death does not only end this life, it ends the possibility of another.



I now understandwhat they mean when they say ...
everything as a part of everything




 and and and and and and and and and and and and and and if I would like to is she'll so a cell stance you saw a special substantial amount of the recording under way while I am still 24 years of age. There are only two ages, I wrote, 17 and 24. At 17 you start to think you understand the world. At 24 you perform one last driven attempt with the whole of her being to reestablish this understanding: a consistent worldview that accommodates the makes and. Neary at scratch words crutch word muriatic me renewed. Sensations of living. And in a room in. And. Asked plasticity of your brain sets in in the decades that follow you acquire a remarkable new capacity. In. You become much more adept at accepting incongruities. While from a romantic perspective this might seem like giving in, it certainly is as stands and which is more in line with the nature of nature, or life itself -- or so it seems. Nevertheless the energy dad is generated in the brain of a 24-year-old trying to produce structure, it is beyond compare. Though it lacks by far the wisdom of the decades that follow in its purer capacity for relentless abstraction fueled by the desire for meaning, it is truly a once in a lifetime event. This is shown by mathematicians and pop musicians, who both tend to peek around this age. Apparently, in both professions absolutist desire is more important than wisdom. Unlike in puberty, where the mind is content with feeling it is right, the 24-year-old mind is desperately trying to assert itself, faced with the worlds overwhelming on compliance with its structure and the growing certainty of its own demise, in death.

"And I'm getting old
"24 and there is so much more"
"as the days fly past will be lose our grasp" a

nearly a "four and 20 years ago I came in to this life and in and and and in and an in and if in a"We moeten ons overgeven aan het feit deel uit te maken van websites met ongelukkige kleurencombinaties

Onze teksten daar te zien verschijnen

Terwijl we in de ruimte staan, die zich voor ons uitstrekt, jij en jij en ik


Er bevindt zich ergens hier
een verlangen naar onrust
de gedachte dat het niet zonder kan


dat is wat weg moet


We moeten ons overgeven aan het feit deel uit te maken van websites met ongelukkige kleurencombinaties

Onze teksten daar te zien verschijnen

Terwijl we in de ruimte staan, die zich voor ons uitstrekt, jij en jij en ikThere are two ways in which I understand or have a productive view on culture and code. That is to say that I have the outskirts of a model that could apply to both.

From an extreme distance we have the view of a network which is a distributed structure, or peer to peer structure, finding its application in distributed versioning and restful web services. This is a model which so accurately mirrors the nature of culture,that it will be very productive to apply these models to the description of culture or the production thereof.

Then on the other hand we have on the smallest possible level (which is of course in an abstract way the biggest or most overarching), the theory of computation. I think computation is what goes on in our mind, therefore it makes a lot of sense to describe the world not in facts, but in functions—or at least equations. The discrepancies between traditional mathematics and the theory of computation will provide an excellent framework for trying to accomplish this.

Note to self: there you have it. Now just do it.[Do do viewed, do you doing him as a yet, is he a we have recognition. Life in a new line.
At but aWhoIs a.

But what if and Neil line?
at
I.]

I am now inside a performance.
Luke, Bruno. Look! How very elegant the words appear on the screen.

[If you him if, or is I that is who is a is a?


You will go a little for him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him. I is just a you will had you a to the end. I to a little in the in and and a. Home and he who I know him as you can, you would and Neil Neue knew Neil, ’cause you and you live.]




So, I am still figuring out what textual material I should use. It also a how all you so because of course but because it had an ill putting computer and I at a little you know who you are if you you that you will I is a little law a and a model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well known was all and and and and even if transcribing mythmaking reiterated asked out of his it said it has been I I mean yeah I edited though you know you are a view you get a real eye is a little law and model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well-known was all and and and and if you are a little little while he of and for him is with a known and and a and and his genocide being mythmaking reiterated off out of here if then it had to be an eye I mean yeah I edited though you know you are you you get the real I is a little wall and model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well known was all and and and and if you are a little little while he and or him is with unknown and and 80 and M. is you are a little little while he and for him is with unknown and an 80 and and his genocide beating mythmaking reiterate that all out of year if Dan at the beach and I I mean yeah I edited though you know you argue you get the real I is a little wall and model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well known with all and and and and if are a little little while he and Gore him is with unknown and achy and am he as you are a little little while he and for him is with unknown and an achy and Andrea’s genocide beating mythmaking reiterate that all out of here if Dan at the beach and I I mean yeah I edit you know you know you argue you get to real I is a little wall and model by little or know you are use in their human little in that are well known with all and and and and if, are a little little while he and Gore him is with unknown and 80 and am he as you are a little little while he and for him is with unknown and in a key and entry as genocide beating with making reiterate that all out of here if Dan at the beach and I. I mean yeah I edit you know you know you argue you get to real I is a little wall and model by little or no you are use in their human ladle -- are well known with all and and and and if are a little little while he and Gore with him is with unknown and AG and am he as you are.



If as you are 
a little little while
in the end for him is with unknown
and in a key and entry as
genocide beating was making
Ritter reiterated that all out of here
(if Dan at the beach and I)
I mean yeah
I added you you know you
argue you get to real eye
is a little wall and model
by little or no you are use to that is what is what and after it ago
a thing very will in their human lateral
are well-known with all
and end and
if you are a little little while
he and more with him
case with unknown and HD
and am he as you are.


[And if tough said some as Neil line
if

you live in the neo-line near what had I Neo will line me out if
you is
if he is
In at him and I.]


I am still considering with which voice to speak. I am contemplating the autobiographical stance, but that could make me to self aware. I could also expand to general ontological musings but I fear that that on the other hand would be to anecdotical, since it would have no real connection to the specificity of this piece. Also I am contemplating whether or one should hear me talk or I should perform my duties in silence. You see, I think the actual action of speaking while thinking…

[Well it’s all old songs, you know Pope’s song doesn’t last very well in a hello that had been and was thinking: ‘you are’.

In and which he and his I, in a room (and I), and his is one of a you know I I. Is a, is an, can is new, is a well at well? And he goes in and homes the room for him and and I will. And I know I that in her own room, in a her the been is as a is as had says he is is a of III. I say get what you pay in. It sows them even if you and I is when you are done among them. Was and is and of and legitimate reasons as well, a Muslim role in what was then known as is an in him and him and give him. It is steel and there you have it in your in.

It sows them even if you and I is when you are done among them.]


The other day I was telling the dancers about the structure meaning. I was saying how you could see a continuum between two kinds of language. At the core is the language of functions, the language that generates instead of describing, the language of circularity and the language of paradox, and the language of art and the language of religion.

[love in a love a little off on falls off as you you room and and a and his and when you and is and is and a and and and he is home living in an a in to say this in a phone was was]

[you and go home bad I still do very in the middle of what our things I’m thinking was so little.] That language is generative. It does not contain meaning, but it allows you to create it. On the other side, completely on the other side, there is the language of data. The language of facts. The language, in fact, of re-presentation. The only kind of language that can be described in truth values in any meaningful way. [The I think I’ll call it that I are you at a is a in a applied data or I will as a is a room little room for them them are is a all a had been in]

I previosuly mentioned the mind going in circles, but you know the thinking mind only goes in circles up to the extent that it keeps revisiting the same words. But then there are much more things than there are words. And things are always in a constant state of flux, thanks to time. So if you add in time to the mix (I watched the ripples change their size but never leave the stream of warm impermanence) you’ll see the circle is not really a circle but something spiraling. Like an equation without a solution. Like a function that never finishes. And the words are like the riverbed, they give the comforting sensation of stability, they give a semblance of permanence but like the Greek guy already said you never step into the same river twice.

  [Then you are a little at the and it was and he is in the and and and and and]
The truth is a boring self replicating mechanism.
  [I don’t know if this is a with the aid of oh you and I]

The truth is not a very interesting fact actually, it’s just me attaching meaning to things on an unprecedented scale. I just need a semblance of circularity, and there I go meaning BLAM. Or so I think. I actually said this before that it is very difficult to stop talking once I get myself into a mood like this, because I actually created for myself that semblance of somebody listening and that somebody understands me and my words pretty well, and that is something you cannot easily let go off.calm and rational

i sang redemption song for a whole week while writingMijn beeld van hedendaagse beeldende kunst is nu dat er een individualistisch beeld van het kunstenaarschap bestaat, waar je praktijk een eigen afgesloten universum is.  Zelf geloof ik daar niet zo in. Ik lijk heel veel meer op mijn collega-kunstenaars dan dat ik van ze verschil. En mijn praktijk komt tot stand doordat ik relaties aanga met mijn context en de mensen om me heen.
