[Do do viewed, do you doing him as a yet, is he a we have recognition. Life in a new line.
At but aWhoIs a.

But what if and Neil line?
at
I.]

I am now inside a performance.
Luke, Bruno. Look! How very elegant the words appear on the screen.

[If you him if, or is I that is who is a is a?


You will go a little for him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him him. I is just a you will had you a to the end. I to a little in the in and and a. Home and he who I know him as you can, you would and Neil Neue knew Neil, ’cause you and you live.]




So, I am still figuring out what textual material I should use. It also a how all you so because of course but because it had an ill putting computer and I at a little you know who you are if you you that you will I is a little law a and a model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well known was all and and and and even if transcribing mythmaking reiterated asked out of his it said it has been I I mean yeah I edited though you know you are a view you get a real eye is a little law and model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well-known was all and and and and if you are a little little while he of and for him is with a known and and a and and his genocide being mythmaking reiterated off out of here if then it had to be an eye I mean yeah I edited though you know you are you you get the real I is a little wall and model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well known was all and and and and if you are a little little while he and or him is with unknown and and 80 and M. is you are a little little while he and for him is with unknown and an 80 and and his genocide beating mythmaking reiterate that all out of year if Dan at the beach and I I mean yeah I edited though you know you argue you get the real I is a little wall and model I little or no you you are use in their human little in that are well known with all and and and and if are a little little while he and Gore him is with unknown and achy and am he as you are a little little while he and for him is with unknown and an achy and Andrea’s genocide beating mythmaking reiterate that all out of here if Dan at the beach and I I mean yeah I edit you know you know you argue you get to real I is a little wall and model by little or know you are use in their human little in that are well known with all and and and and if, are a little little while he and Gore him is with unknown and 80 and am he as you are a little little while he and for him is with unknown and in a key and entry as genocide beating with making reiterate that all out of here if Dan at the beach and I. I mean yeah I edit you know you know you argue you get to real I is a little wall and model by little or no you are use in their human ladle -- are well known with all and and and and if are a little little while he and Gore with him is with unknown and AG and am he as you are.



If as you are 
a little little while
in the end for him is with unknown
and in a key and entry as
genocide beating was making
Ritter reiterated that all out of here
(if Dan at the beach and I)
I mean yeah
I added you you know you
argue you get to real eye
is a little wall and model
by little or no you are use to that is what is what and after it ago
a thing very will in their human lateral
are well-known with all
and end and
if you are a little little while
he and more with him
case with unknown and HD
and am he as you are.


[And if tough said some as Neil line
if

you live in the neo-line near what had I Neo will line me out if
you is
if he is
In at him and I.]


I am still considering with which voice to speak. I am contemplating the autobiographical stance, but that could make me to self aware. I could also expand to general ontological musings but I fear that that on the other hand would be to anecdotical, since it would have no real connection to the specificity of this piece. Also I am contemplating whether or one should hear me talk or I should perform my duties in silence. You see, I think the actual action of speaking while thinking…

[Well it’s all old songs, you know Pope’s song doesn’t last very well in a hello that had been and was thinking: ‘you are’.

In and which he and his I, in a room (and I), and his is one of a you know I I. Is a, is an, can is new, is a well at well? And he goes in and homes the room for him and and I will. And I know I that in her own room, in a her the been is as a is as had says he is is a of III. I say get what you pay in. It sows them even if you and I is when you are done among them. Was and is and of and legitimate reasons as well, a Muslim role in what was then known as is an in him and him and give him. It is steel and there you have it in your in.

It sows them even if you and I is when you are done among them.]


The other day I was telling the dancers about the structure meaning. I was saying how you could see a continuum between two kinds of language. At the core is the language of functions, the language that generates instead of describing, the language of circularity and the language of paradox, and the language of art and the language of religion.

[love in a love a little off on falls off as you you room and and a and his and when you and is and is and a and and and he is home living in an a in to say this in a phone was was]

[you and go home bad I still do very in the middle of what our things I’m thinking was so little.] That language is generative. It does not contain meaning, but it allows you to create it. On the other side, completely on the other side, there is the language of data. The language of facts. The language, in fact, of re-presentation. The only kind of language that can be described in truth values in any meaningful way. [The I think I’ll call it that I are you at a is a in a applied data or I will as a is a room little room for them them are is a all a had been in]

I previosuly mentioned the mind going in circles, but you know the thinking mind only goes in circles up to the extent that it keeps revisiting the same words. But then there are much more things than there are words. And things are always in a constant state of flux, thanks to time. So if you add in time to the mix (I watched the ripples change their size but never leave the stream of warm impermanence) you’ll see the circle is not really a circle but something spiraling. Like an equation without a solution. Like a function that never finishes. And the words are like the riverbed, they give the comforting sensation of stability, they give a semblance of permanence but like the Greek guy already said you never step into the same river twice.

  [Then you are a little at the and it was and he is in the and and and and and]
The truth is a boring self replicating mechanism.
  [I don’t know if this is a with the aid of oh you and I]

The truth is not a very interesting fact actually, it’s just me attaching meaning to things on an unprecedented scale. I just need a semblance of circularity, and there I go meaning BLAM. Or so I think. I actually said this before that it is very difficult to stop talking once I get myself into a mood like this, because I actually created for myself that semblance of somebody listening and that somebody understands me and my words pretty well, and that is something you cannot easily let go off.