Bruno asked me, if in 5 minutes I could summarize and explain a bit about an article called the emancipated spectator which is an article by the French philospher Jacques Rancière.

By the way, who am I? My name is Eric Schrijver. I was born in Amsterdam. I have studied interdisciplinary arts. And I have been working as a visual artist since 2006. I also teach graphic design. In this production I am the resident artist.

So the emancipated spectator. What is the main point of this article: it traces a certain scheme of thought about the theatre that has been present in Western thought for a mighty long time. One can see it with Plato and one can see it arguably in contemporary critical thought. 

In this way of thinking one makes a very clear distinction between the performers in the theatre, who are actually doing something, and their spectators, who are just in a passive act of watching, and to some extent, doing something very second rate.

Of all the emotional activities depicted on the scene the performers get a real part of the action whereas the spectator is condemned to a role of passive onlooking. Now, already Plato argues that this is a very bad thing, and therefore he thinks the theatre is a very bad place.

The notion that this passive spectatorship is a bad thing and the theatre of passive spectators is a bad theatre has also had a profound impact on the practice of theatre makers themselves. This is actually sad for the theatre makers, as they start to feel bad about their profession and themselves.

So all the time we see theatre makers trying to do something about it. We see for example Brecht with his alienation who tries to constantly remind the spectator of his passive role, thereby trying to create somehow a certain common sensibility between on the one hand the spectator and on the other hand the theatre maker.

But you might already see where the paradox lies in this kind of theatre making. Because if it is the theatre maker who has to go bridging the divide between the empowered theatre maker himself and the poor submissed audience on the other hand, he is still acting in a position of power. A position he did not want to have in the first place.

Well, what is Ranciere’s thought on all of this? He basically says guys we need to settle down, we should not be, as theatre makers, so hard on ourselves. He says: If you would have any appreciation for the reality of the theatre we would see that all these dichotomies we like to pose—the dichotomy between seeing and knowing, that is the dichotomy between in the end between performing and spectating—these dichotomies only exist in our head. Seeing is much an active process as performing is. He doesn’t say it that way but I would rephrase: the production of meaning in itself is performative.

Seen in this light 




If you ask me, 

 Watching is just as In the real world, there can be no spectacle without the spectator.