Bruno asked me, if in 5 minutes I could summarize and explain a bit about an article called the emancipated spectator which is an article by the French philospher Jacques Rancière . Well what’s the main point of this article: it traces a certain scheme of thought that has been present in Western thought for a mighty long time. One can see it with Plato and one can se it arguably in contemporary critical thought. The idea being that the theatre—making a very clear distinction between the performers in the theatre, who are actually doing something, and their spectators, who are just in a passive act of watching, and to some extent, doing something very second rate. Of all the emotional activities depicted on the scene the performers get a real part of the action whereas the spectator is condemned to a role of passive onlooking. Now, already Plato argues that this is a very bad thing, therefore he thinks the theatre is a very bad place.

And one, and this, this very idea that this passive spectatorship is a bad thing and the theatre of passive spectators is a bad theatre can be traced to also along with theatre makers themselves. Which is very awful because the theatre makers start feeling bad about their profession. And all the time we see theatre makers trying to do something about. So we see for example Brecht with his alienation who tries to constantly remind the spectator of his passive role, thereby trying to create somehow certain a certain common sensibility between on the one hand the spectator and the theatre maker on the other hand. But you see maybe where the awful paradox lies in this kind of theatre making. Because if it is the theatre maker who has to go bridging the divide between the empowered theatre maker himself and the poor submissed audience on the other hand, he is still acting in a position of power. A position he didn’t want to have in the first place.

Well, what is Ranciere’s thought on all of this? He basically says guys we need to settle down, we should not be, as theatre makers, so hard on ourselves. Because who ever said** that going to theatre and watching a play is a passive and second rate experience? He says: If you would have any appreciation for the reality of the theatre we would see that all these dichotomies we like to pose—the dichotomy between seeing and knowing, that is the dichotomy between in the end between performing and spectating—these dichotomies only exist in our head. In the real world, there can be no spectacle without the spectator.


**well, plato etc… said that—so this has to be rephrased