<section adresses:rui; references:bristolunknowledgeconference>
Here I think I interpret differently… I am not so interested in the idea that *anyone* can participate. In fact, what happens I think is that you still function as a curator, but without the idee-fixe of individual taste getting in your way.

IMHO the strength of this process is that you let what you are as a social entity guide the way. Not unlike Warhol’s approach.

IMHO who shows up will be a logical result of the social context of you: whom you know, whom you come up with to invite. Some juxtapositions might seem odd to an outsider (like, the hackers and the fine artists) but to you they are not. And they will not be such for many attending too, in fact these oppostitions that are not oppositions make it attractive to us: you hint at an alternative order which might suit our brains).

I tend to believe that the social and cultural constellations around us are isomorphic to the constellations in our heads. So yes, it is very well possible that you create an agonistic space full of oppositions. But I would also think these would mirror oppositions which are already present in the self, IMHO an agonistic space as well.

Now I am not saying the event is contained within your head, because you can’t contain such complex systems. I am just saying that I guess there is an analagous relation inbetween the too.

Nice thing is, the main reason I attend an event like this is because I like you and your thinking, and that I also suspect I will like the people you like. all these heads will function together with no exterior mastermind, but the shared assumption that we have similar and interesting heads I think will guide us.

The event will be determined in large part by whom you know, because you will be able to invite them, and this event is more attractive when I know you than when I don’t. Then of course the people you know attract people they know, but still nowhere near randomness.

Now of course it’s not just your head, I think I attend something like this because I think you are very interesting. And even more so, I reason, you must know interesting people as well.

And of course we will not all be contained in your head during the event, all these heads will function together with no exterior mastermind, but the shared assumption that we have similar and interesting heads I think will guide us.
</section>
