<section>
[[You can go on / There’s whiskey? / It’s whiskey of course]]

So, mr Jacques Rancière. Mr Jacques Rancière is not one of paradoxes. He says: guys, girls we should not be so hard on ourselves if that is not strictly necessary. Now might just be the time to reexamine what the theatre actually is. Go to the theatre, see the theatre, experience the theatre, and then ask yourself: these inequalities we so easily pose, these dichotomies between the passive spectator and the active performer, between seeing and doing, between seeing and knowing, between spectating and performing… Don’t these dichotomies exist mainly in our head? Couldn’t it just be that being the spectator in the piece is a hell of a job in itself? Couldn’t it just be that seeing is an active process which is making the piece to exactly the same extent that performing the piece is making the piece? Couldn’t we say—yes we could say. We could say ?? in the theatre you and I know and love any spectator takes just as spectacular a part in the creation of what is the theatre as the performer does.

Now I will actually have to come with some more convincing analogies. Because I feel like I really want to feel I am speaking right.

Maybe something along the lines of a contract. That would be very nice, you… Like Rousseau’s social contract. Like: why do we have a government, why do we actually allow other people to tell us what is wrong or right? Well, Rousseau thinks that we do that because we figured it was a smart idea. It’s a sort of mutual understanding. And the government also understands that the only way it can possibly tell the people what is wrong or right, is if what it does is the thing that the people want it to do.

It’s a bit like that with the theatre. We make this little deal that for tonight you are the spectator and I am the performer, because it works out for the both of us. But tomorrow the tables could have turned. I could be sitting there, you could be standing here and we’d still have ball.

You see we’re in this together.

In fact, we’re always in this together. But the theatre is the place to make that manges to make that apparent. You see, what we do is nothing much different from what we do when we step outside these walls and when we go about our business. Only in the theatre do we have the luxury of seeing the variables.
And by that I mean: you can actually count: Oh, in this piece there are five performers. There are five people generating meaning. If you would have to look at your live and say how many people are generating meaning you couldn’t tell. And still the amount is finite, there is only so many people that can actually make a meaningful contribution to your life. But why are you so ?? normally, from day to day, because you keep figuring out who are these people. Now in the theatre we manage to make that quite concise. We say: of all the people in the world, tonight, you you you you you and you will be constructing meaning. 

And maybe that allows us the chance for a moment of clarity. A clarity which we… as we all know is… tends to lack a bit from day to day.

Actually, you could say if anything it is about constructing a little world in the world, a little ecosystem, making a place. You know, quite often you get asked—well maybe you don’t get asked that so quite often, but it’s a sentence that goes around: what would you do if you knew that you had only one day to live. Now that’s a very silly question. But in the theatre actually every day we ask that question quite the other way around: what day, what world, what setting could you actually imagine to go on forever?

You see that’s what we do. We try and create this little world with a limited amount of actors—you know there is six billion people on the world but we can maybe have five six seven eight nine twelve actors on stage—still we manage to create a world in which at times one could say I want this to go on forever.

And that’s a very great thing, since you could imagine if there’s only five or six actors i could calculate everything thats going to happen, so it’s boring. but the great thing is that a physician can’t even calculate the trajectories of different bodies that are working into each other if there are more than two. We have inherent inpredictability. We have inherent an endless amount of possibility.

So that would be the other way around then. Not all the world’s a stage, but a stage is all the world.

I speak for two more minutes. There is actually one other super great thing about the theatre. And that has to do with what we like to call the subjective. There are some misunderstandings about the subjective. You could say what is the subjective—well, it’s the personal, it’s the thing that makes the subject and the subject is me. However, in the theatre, me is not enough. I have to somehow place this me somewhere where it’s together with the other performers in the first place and the audience in the second. But you know this is not very hard and that shows something very great. ’Cause if I manage to extract from myself these images and these sentences which I feel are constituting me, and I can place them in the space inbetween you and me, what I previously considered to be me is something that belongs to us—that now belongs to us all. But the ease with which I did it, the ease with which I can extract the sentences that constitute me from me and put them there—that ease shows to me that it never really was mine in the first place.

Now, that’s very important, I think, and I hope that I will have the chance to eleborate on that because my two minutes are now over.

Yeah, so, I guess that’s what I say, I say you is bigger than I. And that’s a very good thing. Now if you would all, if you have bought a ticket, would like to join me to the show which is taking place in lantaren 1, which is a… Well oh I am contractually obliged to not say anything about it so I won’t. But I would be more than delighted if you would take this opportunity to visit this performancd together with me. Thank you.
</section>
