<section this::isAPerformanceOf::reapsowmind.txt>
Well euhm, my mind… Where to begin… Makes sense to begin, …… Euhm I don’t even know how was your holiday? I remember seeing the tour de france and seeing alberto contador and thinking of amaranta because he is also like a spanish guy and he is not so tall and he talks a bit like you… euhm this thing about the slavics, I read the book, it was actually not about they didn’t even mention slavics… I made that up I guess… But it’s a nice story that I will tell another time… The black when I came into the black space the black body… here in the space… It was a whole different thing… But not but it struck still a chord with me… It is just however another person… There are so many persons… The fact that there are different persons is why you can actually end a story, if you stick with one person, you can end a story. But because you don’t the story goes on I guess maybe that is part of the problem of a process… But the black the bleak I recalled (this punctuation thing is horrible to maintain) the black the bleak I recalled well Ola you talked about autobiographicalities, and I can not get away from autobiographicalities with this person… For I guess it is the images within the images that still make me and the images that come this is a poem from my autobiography… But then where the images come from is not such a big deal it could be from a movie as well… I told the whole story here one morning, that morning, actually, so I won’t necessarily go into it again, not telling about the doctors who said the fact that is said that I understood what whas going on meant that I did not know what was going on… But one thing that struck me was the agressiveness in this black person the black person that I know and actually the agressiveness you don’t know in me because during the last research I guess I was the blue person and not the black person and actually luckily I don’t really know the black person too well either because I don’t tend to get too agressive but he has been there for well half a year I guess and euhm and and and this seeing this process here again gave me, I guess, this very profound feeling of like gnashing your teeth but with your brain that is actually a good metaphor… why did I only come up with that one right now? I found a piece out of a movie… Paris I live in Paris
Do you still get the headaches?
Yeah.
I get such bad headaches.
You know at night when you're driving a car?
Maybe it's something to do
with the headlights.
that's the black
[]So that is the black person the change around then came here and then I reconsidered the blue person… It’s the blue person that sends you poems. I actually have a picture of his home planet. He only asserts he does not negate, though he says it can be disruptive to agree.

And then from day to day of course there is just somebody who wants to be making things, and that is not the same as one particular person I was very interested in in finding out what he meant, because I really don’t know him and he was the first person that came to mind when oh well I know him but I don’t know what I should do with him I was the first person that came to mind when Bruno talked about the tour and I was at the home of of my parents and it was as beatiful is a suburb is ever going to be but then again there is only a certain amount of beatiful a suburb can ever hope to get and I had just been thinking how bad I wanted to be somewhere else but actually wanting to be somewhere else is not really that you want to be somewhere else its just that you want to stop the hassle of being the hassle of being taking place where you are but I really wanted to be somewhere else and then Bruno said about the tour and then I figured OK the tour but maybe then I will not be 24 anymore I will be 25 fuck what do you need to do when you are 25 and the really strange thing is and I still want to figure out why that seemed like a a smart solution to me the really strange thing is the first thing that came to mind is that I said ah but then I will just have to be beatiful I will have to be really really beatiful I will have to so beatiful that if we make a little film of me backstage chatting it will hurt to look at me 10:25 and I guess this is a good place to stop because there is no coherence but to some extent I think a certain efficiency in communicating where I have been at is what I was aiming for and I hope to have done that this is the part before there is art.
</section>
