<section>
So yeah, I found the light. Or rather, lay writhing under it, like Camus says. You see, the the truth is beatiful in a way that’s also quite scary. I think in the Romanticist terminology that would be called an experience of the sublime.
That is why I do not believe in what Feynman is saying ‘When you find truth, you’ll know, for it will be beatiful’.
I agree with what Churchill says: ‘Men ocassionaly stumble into truth. Most of them pick up and run off as if nothing ever happened.’

-So where does it come from, the truth?
Not from out there. Strictly speaking, the truth is in there. Ultimately I believe truth to be a sensation, similar to the sensation of meaningfulness. In a mystic experience, or an experience of mania everything gets meaningful. In one way the 
It is a little feedback loop. I think we have these from time to time in daily life; momentous experiences of beauty, where things seem to come together and the normal flow of time seems for a short while to be disrupted. The thing aspiring poets have written about since whenever. So I know how much the experience of beaty and the experience of truth come together.



For one, I can make a nice looking Javascript accordion to display this interview with. Scour the internet and you will find loads of people who are * their truth. As an artist, you are lucky enough to be able to represent and objectify what you are doing. You’ve really made that second nature. You will be happily making pictures all the while you are going crazy, and when you recover you will be taking pictures to understand where you are at. Art is no monologue, it’s things inbetween people. So when I find out discursive writing is not working for me anymore, I come up with the form of a self-interview.


I do understand the religious faculty now, and how it is capable of producing such oddities as prophets and saints.

That is why art is such a nice invention. It is really religion 2.0. Because artistic truths exist, as I said, inbetween people. Now artists probably still have all the feelings of revelation and zeal that religious luminaries could muster. But the standard response of our brain, that we are dealing with an absolute truth external to all of us, just won’t do. We will somehow have to be able to get these truths to be logical as intersubjective *. Religion, which tends to view truths as extrinsic to it’s practitioners, is inherently destructive.
</section>
