
MOTIVATION LETTER


In our work, we feature as own models. We use ourselves and our social position as material. Through that, we hope to become a model in another sense: that we exemplify something, that the work is not about us per se. We do not show what we are, we show how we are becoming. It is a way of taking our subjectivity and framing it so it can become something in its own right.

If we both could be another than surely it would make sense if we would try and become each other. We have been * the others work for several years now. Techniques and strategies, both visual and conceptual.

Yet we never had the occasion to do a full on collaboration.

What interests me is if we could make an exhibition that shows a continuum of individual work to collaborative work to individual work.

What I admire in Johan’s practice is the way in which he gives shape and form to his subjects. The construction of the moment in the photograph is supplemented by the way it is given shape through his carefully designed exhibitions.

My own work is often more volatile, using text and performance next to photography. There is a step for me to make in 


The residency would allow us a chance to visualise our process in the aquarium. 



computer science and mysticism.

‘By means of reification something that was previously implicit, unexpressed and possibly unexpressible is explicitly formulated and made available to conceptual (logical or computational) manipulation.’

§

We are naturally attracted to the exhibitionistic nature of the aquarium project space. It suits our practice within which we use ourselves and our social position as material.
In our work we feature as our own models. We attempt to create a distance to ourselves so that we can become models in another sense: tools to be used by others. 
We would like to make our process accesible to the public by working in the space itself during the residency. 
We recently have been using a term mostly used in computer science to express what we want to achieve: ‘reification’. Reification means that something that was previously implicit, unexpressed and possibly unexpressible is formulated and made accesible for manipulation.
The residency could provide a unique chance to accelarete and accentuate this process.
The proposed collaboration is a logical step for us. If our models could relate to others, than surely our works should be able to relate to each other. We have been very present in each others practices and influenced each others techniques and strategies.
We would like to make an exhibition that shows a continuum of individual work to collaborative work to individual work**. We can combine preexisting images with work made on the location. We have already been working on works, images and texts, depicting the precarious logic present in Eric’s construction of the self. Johan will relate to the local situation by taking self portraits and still lifes that touch on the relation between identity and place.

UNUSED:

In our work, we feature as our own models. We use ourselves and our social position as material. Through that, we hope to become a model in another sense: that we exemplify something, that the work is not about us per se. We do not show what we are, we show how we are becoming. It is a way of taking our subjectivity and framing it so it can become something in its own right.

If we both could be another than surely it would make sense if we would try and become each other. We have been closely involved in each others practice for several years now. We influence each others techniques and strategies, both on a visual and on a conceptual level.

What I admire in Johan’s practice is the way in which he gives shape and form to his subjects. The construction of the moment in the photograph is supplemented by the way it is given shape in his carefully designed exhibitions.

The residency would provide an ideal opportunity for such a process to take place


to render explicity public

Whereas Johan will focus on the environment, Eric will attempt to exhibit his own precarious logic within the space. 

Yet we never had the occasion to do a full on collaboration. We would like to make an exhibition that shows a continuum of individual work to collaborative work to individual work.

The paradox we try to face is to rend explicit those processes and mechanisms that work 

specific result of an exhibition.* Johan structures his exhibitions. 

Apart from the context of We want to deal with the precarious and paradoxical logic of identity.
Collaborative project on identity.

Highlighting My own work is often more volatile, using text and performance next to photography. There is a step for me to make in The residency would allow us a chance to visualise our process in the aquarium. computer science and mysticism.


